History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions. -- Ted Koppel
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster. - Voltaire
One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe. -- Tom Anderson
Lets not be too tough on our own ignorance. Its the thing that makes America great. If America werent incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years? -- Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 198
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -- Benjamin Franklin, 1759
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant. -- Edmund Burke
Buy land. Theyve stopped making it. -- Mark Twain
Lets show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown! -- The Ghostbusters
...Veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late into the night. The difference is that a bunch of self-confessed car nuts are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast. -- Electronics puts its foot on the gas, IEEE Spectrum, May 88
Wherever you go...There you are. - Buckaroo Banzai
If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, hed never stop throwing up. -- Max Von Sydows character in Hannah and Her Sisters
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime. - Johnny Legend
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure. -- Albert Einstein
Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness? -- Sonic Disruptors comics
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it should have done. Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half. No country should be so long without one. -- Thomas Jefferson in letter to James Madison, 20 December 1787
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys! -- Monty Python and the Holy Grail
If you werent my teacher, Id think you just deleted all my files. -- an anonymous UCB CS student, to an instructor who had typed rm -i * to get rid of a file named -f on a Unix system.
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who are equally certain that they represent the divine will. I am sure that either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some respects, both. I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me. - Abraham Lincoln
Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends. --Woody Allen
There... Ive run rings round you logically -- Monty Pythons Flying Circus
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side. - Han Solo
If you cant debate me, then there is no way in hell youll out-insult me. -- Scott Legrand (Scott.Legrand@hogbbs.Fidonet.Org) You may be wrong here, little one. -- R. W. F. Clark (RWC102@PSUVM)
Thats the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers. - Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in Oath of Fealty
Life sucks, but death doesnt put out at all.... -- Thomas J. Kopp
Astrology is the sheerest hokum. This pseudoscience has been around since the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians. It is as phony as numerology, phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice of divination by the entrails of a goat. No serious person will buy the notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of distant planets. This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway. -- James J. Kilpatrick, Universal Press Syndicate
There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we dont know yet. -Ambrose Bierce
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you.
Buy land. Theyve stopped making it. -- Mark Twain
Sometimes, too long is too long. - Joe Crowe
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be prosecuted.
Egotist: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me. -- Ambrose Bierce
Here is an Appalachian version of managements answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: Dont worry about the mule. Just load the wagon. -- Mike Dennisons hillbilly uncle
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current. -- Thomas Jefferson
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer. It doesnt seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that. On the other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions. - Benjamin Spock
One thing they dont tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror. -- W. K. Hartmann
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ? Seven: One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD, but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features. -- Avadit Tevanian, Jr., Architecture-Independent Virtual Memory Management for Parallel and Distributed Environments: The Mach Approach
HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 7 proof by forward reference: Reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, which is often not as forthcoming as at first. proof by semantic shift: Some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed for the statement of the result. proof by appeal to intuition: Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
EARTH smog | bricks AIR -- mud -- FIRE soda water | tequila WATER
...I could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the Soviet frontier and allow Soviet people to travel freely; allow the Soviet people to have real free enterprise; allow Western businessmen to do business there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press. But so far, the whole country is like a concentration camp. The barbed wire on the fence around the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark. This openness that you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders. These leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or appease it. He will say: Yes, we can do business! This while his military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a population of 17 million. Can you imagine that? -- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 Defense Electronics, Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
No matter where you go, there you are... -- Buckaroo Banza
If you dont want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet. -- Comedian Jay Leno
Well I dont see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many men happy. -- Ellyn Mustard, about marriage
All the systems paths must be topologically and circularly interrelated for conceptually definitive, locally transformable, polyhedronal understanding to be attained in our spontaneous -- ergo, most economical -- geodesiccally structured thoughts. -- R. Buckminster Fuller [...and a total nonsequitur as far as I can tell. -kl] 